Fix bug where scheduled CF3 deploys unexpectedly succeeded with invalid Cloud Scheduler configurations. (#2609)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

- Replaces `tslint` with `eslint` as the default linter in new Cloud Functions for Firebase directories. (#1663)

> - Fix bug where scheduled CF3 deploys unexpectedly succeeded with invalid Cloud Scheduler configurations. (#2609)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes bug where scheduled Cloud Functions for Firebase deploys unexpectedly succeeded with invalid Cloud Scheduler configurations. (#2609)
```
